[Testing] [Panther] Add component documentation (#19109)
symfony/symfony-docs: testing.rst

    address. This assertion normalizes addresses like ``Jane Smith
    <jane@example.com>`` into ``jane@example.com``.

End to End Tests (E2E)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

End to end tests are a special type of application tests that
simulate a real user interacting with your application. They are

> typically used to test the user experience (UX) of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typically used to test the user interface (UI) of your application and the effects of these interactions (e.g. when I click on this button, in the end a mail must be sent) 
```

?

The difference with functional tests detailed above is that End-to-End tests
use a real browser instead of a simulated one. This browser can run in
headless mode (without a graphical interface) or not. The first option
is convenient for running tests in a Continuous Integration (CI), while
the second one is useful for debugging purpose.

This is the purpose of `Panther`_, a library that provides a real browser
to run your tests. Here are a few things that make Panther special, compared

> to other End to End testing tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to other testing tools provided by Symfony:
```

Because most, if not all, E2E testing tools have the capabilities described below.
